Fix example parameter transformer route and add example configure (#9987)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/routing.md

For example, a custom `slugify` parameter transformer in route pattern `blog\{article:slugify}` with `Url.Action(new { article = "MyTestArticle" })` generates `blog\my-test-article`.

> To use a parameter transformer in a route pattern it must first be configured using <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.RouteOptions.ConstraintMap> in `Startup.ConfigureServices`.

Reviewer: Comma after "pattern" .... and perhaps drop the state verb ...

```suggestion
To use a parameter transformer in a route pattern, configure it first using <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Routing.RouteOptions.ConstraintMap> in `Startup.ConfigureServices`.
```

```csharp
services.AddRouting(options =>
{

>     // Replace the type, and the name used to refer to it with your own IOutboundParameterTransformer implementation

Reviewer: Remove the comma and break the line so that lines ar less than <=85 characters.
